DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"R Is For Revenge\".
[distant siren]
[screaming]
All right then...
there's gotta be at least a few good-lookin' guys
around here...
Then again... I could be wrong...
Get a hold of yourself Rabeeder...
you're here to get the Infinity Core.
Everything else is just gonna have to wait.
[screaming]
Hey kid... You're goin' the wrong way!
So, that's Rabeeder....
Christopher!
I wonder if Tricloid is makin' out okay by herself?
I sure hope she's obeyin' Naga's orders.
Get ready...
you're goin' down!
Huh...?
Come on - you're just a kid...
but I guess I better fight ya.
I gotta take this way more seriously,
or else Naga'll have my head!
I'm with you Christopher!
Thanks so much Alice!
Where'd you go anyway...? You had me so worried....
I'm really sorry...
I promise I won't leave you again!
So are you two just gonna stand there or what...?
I guess my battle's started...
and not as Masquerade, but as me!
HYDRANOID: Okay, let's do this.
I'm with you all the way, Alice!
That's great... Thank you Hydranoid.
Let's knock her off that throne!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Juggernoid! Stand!
Hydranoid! Stand!
You ready to do this Hydranoid?
Oh YEAHHHHH!
We'll never let Naga have...
...The Infinity Core!
We no longer serve the likes of him !
So you're the Bakugan I heard about...
that dared to turn his back on Naga?
You sure you picked the right side there,
buddy-boys...?
Enhancement!
Hey Alice - are you okay?
Yes I am...
thanks Christopher.
Back to work Juggernoid!
Gotcha!
Ability Card! Activate! Depth Tornado!
Say what...?
All right!
Our turn Alice!
Right... Ability Card Activate!
Lash and Blast Extreme!
I'm guessin' this isn't a hug...
[screaming]
She's lookin' for love in all the wrong places...
Oh well...
y' can't win 'em all...
Wow, you're unbelievable Christopher...
You've become so strong!
I guess...
My ranking as a Battler's gone up quite a bit...
and It's all thanks to you, Alice.
Why you...!
She doesn't look too happy...
Poseidon Tornado!
Aquos Quadruple Chain Attack!
Blue Lagoon!
Power Gate!
TAYGHEN: That's... not... possible!
[screaming]
Good - byeeee...
You're not getting' away that easily...
Sinister Smash!
Yoweeeeeeee!
Hey Gorem - try this!
Grand Impact!
Now this is gonna hurt me ...
A lot more than it hurts you !
Somehow I find that hard to believe...
KATO: Come in Master Dan...
can you hear me?
I hear you.
Master Marucho has beaten Tayghen,
and Miss Julie has defeated Tricloid.
Su-weet!
That's the best news I've heard all day!
Miss Alice is battling Rabeeder as we speak...
And unfortunately....
...Hairadee, Druman and Centorrior are approaching
Wardington rather quickly.
Please be careful Daniel!
Give 'em what for son!
So that's two down...
and four to go....
We've still got a lot of work to do.
But don't you worry - we'll beat them all.
Yeah, that's right!
We'll never let those guys get the Infinity Core!
Isn't that right, Drago?
Huh? Drago?
WAVERN: I fear that my brother Naga will find me.
He will take the Infinity Core and then do away with me ...
It doesn't matter to him that I am his twin sister...
Yes... I'm afraid that would not deter him.
I also fear that I lack the strength to battle my brother.
Every time the Infinity Core inside me
emits some of its positive energy...
my own life energy is drained away....
Please don't worry.
You leave Naga to us.
We won't let him touch you.
Thank you...
But listen...
Hm?
If it looks like Naga can't be stopped...
like he is going to get to me...
then Drago...
I want you to do it before he does.
Do what ?
I want you to process the Infinity Core
before my evil brother has the chance.
Don't be foolish!
But... It's impossible!
Ridiculous!
How could you even ask that...
Drago.
I ask because it is you .
Bad news...
Hairadee has been sighted above Wardington city.
Obviously, Centorrior and Druman
cannot be very far behind. Yes.
Right... let me go after Hairadee.
Sounds like a plan to me...
kick it!
Okay, let's do this up right...
Bakugan Brawl!
Skyress Stand!
Yeah!
C'mon Dan - we should go too!
Yeah... but I gotta find Drago first.
Right here my friend.
Where the heck did you go?
Sorry.
Wavern... I can only promise this:
I will protect you from Naga.
Nothing more... nothing less!
Let's rock!
Drago...
[screaming]
Ability Card Activate...
Blinding Spice!
What? This smells like oregano ...
Christopher! We're up!
Ability Card Activate...
Super Shard!
Did it work?
Not quite...
Diamond Reflect!
Oh no...
she blocked our attack!
My turn...
Gate Card Set!
Bring it on!
KATO: Sorry to bother you, Miss...
Yes? What is it?
Shall I have Master Marucho and Miss Julie come around
to help you out a little?
Master Marucho has defeated Tayghen and Miss Julie
has defeated Tricloid.
No thanks, I'll be okay...
I'd much rather have them protect Wavern.
Roger that... over.
Hey !
What did he just say to you?
Uh...
Did he say they defeated Tricloid ?
Well... kinda...
It can't be...
My poor little... Tricloid...
[sobbing]
I'll get you for that!
I'll make you all pay with your lives!
Juggernoid! Are you okay?
Gate Card Open!
Darkus Destroyer!
What is this...?
My strength is failing!
Well...
I thought I might shed a little light on things
around here...
And light counteracts your Darkus powers...
All that's left is to turn you to stone!
Petrify!
Hydranoid!
You shut down my Darkus powers...
with your Haos powers...
...and now you're turning me into a statue?
[laughter]
You're next in line...
so get ready!
How can I protect Juggernoid?
VOICE: Use Dive Mirage!
That's right ...
Ability Card Activate!
Dive Mirage!
Ha HAA !
That saved him!
Hey...
Who said that anyway ...?
It looks like I got here just in the nick of time...
But... how did you...
Who are you? Tell me!
My name is...
Klaus Von Herzen!
Stay tuned for more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
And now, more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Klaus it's you !
I'm glad you're okay...
Alice.
I hadn't planned on helping you battle
until I won against you myself...
but what with the Earth in danger,
I figured I could put aside my own concerns.
It is time...
for the world's finest Battlers to come together
and combine forces.
\"Klaus Von Herzen\" ... hey, wait a sec...
you mean the \"Klaus Von Herzen\"...
The world's top-ranked Aquos Brawler...
someone pinch me... !
So I gather from your knowledge that you're
an Aquos Brawler too...
That's very commendable.
And now I will show you...
how to engage in the perfect Aquos battle.
You see, it's all in the wrist !
Humph...
I gotta admit, you're actually pretty cute...
Any other time and I'd be all over your action...
but unfortunately, I'm not in a good mood right now...
Time for revenge...
for what you did to my poor sister Tricloid!
I am going to destroy each and every one of you!
Maybe you should take a sec and look down...
Ability Card Activate.
Deep Sea Dive!
Don't wanna get wet - don't wanna get wet -
I hope you brought a change of clothes...
[laughter]
I can't resist being pulled deeper!
Let me go !
I'm gonna drown!
It's okay - don't worry...
This water isn't actually real...
It's just an illusion created
by the \"Deep Sea Dive\" Ability Card.
Oh wow!
It's like I can breathe underwater!
I'll get you out of this.
Hang in there.
It's not like I have much choice.
Now go! Right!
Alice, you should go too.
Is that kid okay on his own?
Oh yeah, Christopher will be just fine!
More importantly...
we have to do something about getting you free.
But what ...
Gate Card Open!
Accelerate!
Hey! I only have Haos and Subterra powers!
Dontcha think this is a bit unfair ?
Forcing one's opponent into a situation
which is to one's own advantage...
and using the field's characteristics to increase
one's chance of winning...
These tactics are just common sense...
any good Battler can tell you that.
Christopher... why don't you do the honors?
My pleasure - You ready Juggernoid?
Ready and willing...
Water Slap!
Oh my... This can't be good...
Ability Counter!
That's better...
but my hair's a dis aster ...
Oh no !
She got out somehow!
So I see you managed to counter my \"Deep Sea Dive\" Ability...
Let's see how you deal with this !
Gate Card Open!
Aquamerge!
That changes every Bakugan's attributes
except for Subterra into Aquos!
No!
I see you really do have a lot to learn...
Lesson two:
If your Field Card has been beaten...
make your opponent's attributes the same as your own.
Sirenoid!
Coming right up...
Wave Blast!
[scream]
Christopher...
Why not deliver the coup de gras?
Do your thing Juggernoid!
Depth Tornado!
We did it!
Don't speak too soon there, girly!
She survived ?
Oh, I've still got a thing or two up my sleeve -
like maybe even a Subterra ability !
I'll chew you up and spit you out like a bad burrito!
I'll avenge Tricloid if it's the last thing I do...
...and then after that I'll avenge her again !
Terracrunch!
[screaming]
Sirenoid!
Juggernoid!
If only I could move!
It's no use Sirenoid - come back!
You too Juggernoid - and hurry!
SIRENOID: Please accept our deepest apologies....
JUGGERNOID: ...We've failed you...
No way...
You two did your very best.
And so did...
Poor Hydranoid.
Oh no... Hydranoid...
A Bakugan who can only move his head isn't gonna be
a whole lotta use, now is he...
I have three heads.
Oh, so then ya figure there's strength in numbers?
Then try this on for size!
[loud laughter]
It's hopeless...
What am I supposed to do now ?
Shall I have Master Marucho and Miss Julie come around
to help you out a little?
No thanks, I'll be okay...
I'd much rather have them protect Wavern.
I was wrong...
I should've asked them to help me.
Why didn't I ask for help when I had the chance?
Now Hydranoid's in trouble and it's too late!
Get hold of yourself... calm down!
Oh, wots da madder...
is somwun feewing outnumbered...?
[laughter]
It's... no use...
We can't win all by ourselves...
Snap out of it Alice!
Just listen to yourself!
It doesn't matter how many opponents there are -
if you believe in yourself!
\"...Believe in myself\"... ?
The most important thing to a Battler...
...is to believe in yourself and to believe in your Bakugan!
The most important thing in a battle...
isn't skill or knowledge...
What matters is belief and trust...
how much you believe in and trust your Bakugan.
\"What matters is belief and trust ... \"
I see now...
Believe in yourself, and have faith in your Bakugan...
You're right...
just have faith ...
Christopher... thank you!
Enough talk...
It's time for revenge !
Sorry Hydranoid...
I believe in myself...
and I believe in you too, so don't you ever forget it okay?
Thank you Alice...
that means a lot to me.
Together we can not be stopped!
Ability Card Activate!
Trident Of Doom!
Oooooo... So close...
...yet so far.
Pathetic...
you couldn't hit a duck in a water bucket!
Feeling a little stiff , are ya?
[laughter]
Hang on...
This isn't supposed to happen...
He's gonna get every last one of... ...us...
Unbelievable!
That's quite a technique...!
Ow... I broke a nail.
As long as I have a puff of breath left in my body...
I can still Brawl circles around you .
You've underestimated me!
So... I guess this is it...
All I ask...
is that you do it quickly.
Couldn't be quick enough for me !
Don't do it!
What?
What are you waiting for?
Masquerade wouldn't have hesitated for a second!
Rabeeder is just doing what Naga has commanded her to do
so ease up, okay?
Listen to me...
Please promise that you'll stop obeying Naga
and won't try to take the Infinity Core!
You gotta be kidding...
You take away Tricloid and then have the nerve to ask me this ?
[laughing]
Tricloid...?
Huh...?
Yippee!
My sister, it's you!
Y-you're alive !
Yuppers!
Julie saved Tricloid!
I never thought I'd ever see you again...
I never thought I'd ever see you again either ...
[loud sobbing]
I don't know...
I think I'm getting a cavity...
Let's never be apart again, okay?
Never !
Please listen!
You have to stop being Naga's minions...
I think...
You should go back to your home in Vestroia!
Tell me Tricloid -
what do you wanna do?
I wanna go home with you, Rabeeder...
Sounds good...
let's go home!
I'm just so happy to have Tricloid back,
that all the fight's gone outta me...
Awww...
you say the sweetest things...
I guess...
this makes me a traitor too .
Yes... Welcome aboard.
Now that that's decided, I think we better get going...
Naga's not gonna be a happy camper
when he finds out about this .
See ya! Toodles!
Wow, they're going back home...
That's right...
They'll be happy together in Vestroia.
Well that was an interesting way to battle.
Huh... ?
It wasn't the way...
Masquerade would have done things...
Instead...
it was your own way....
I think I've learned something here.
I'm glad.
[clatter] Huh?
Grandfather? Hang on!
Grandfather!
Please wait!
Is that you?
The next opponent we have to face is Heriday.
He's no ordinary Bakugan 'cause he has both Aquos
and Ventus attributes!
We thought we'd taken care of him back in Vestroia,
but apparently, we were wrong.
I made a grave error, and so have been captured.
Heriday uses his surprise attack,
and I'm trapped like a bird in a cage!
Even so, I still have my fighting spirit
and my wits about me.
I know you'll come and rescue me, Shun.
This battle isn't over yet!
Bakugan Brawl!
See you there!